the meat is positioned so deep in the
narrow box
it's out of reach of the crow's beak
but alex has positioned a number of
other objects nearby
the question is can double 007 use the
tools available
to solve the puzzle imagine
that you're a probe here's your food in
a deep hole
how would you go about with the tools
available to you on this table
solving this problem the bird's toolkit
includes a short stick hanging on a
piece of string
three stones inside wooden cages
and a longer stick trapped in a plastic
box
first the crow must use the short stick
to get the stones
and then use all three stones to get the
long stick
and now the crows can take this and
probe it into the hole
and roll much better than i can the food
out of the hole
and get themselves a nice tasty reward
it's a complicated task
the crow is familiar with the individual
pieces of the puzzle
he's done each of them separately for a
food reward
but this is the first time he's seen
them arranged like this
eight separate stages that must be
completed
in a particular order if the puzzle is
to be solved
if the bird succeeds it'll be a world
first
he takes time to have a look
and then starts with the short stick
he finds it too short to reach the food
he then sets off to get the first stone
got it he doesn't seem to know
what to do with it
and another
he appears to be stuck
but now something seems to click
he dispatches the first stone
then returns to collect the last one
got it the final stage
success eight individual stages
complete the crow
performed all eight tasks in the correct
order
you